[Music]
what's up everybody and welcome back to
the channel it is another AFK Journey
video and this one is going to be a
quick one it's just going to be about
hero resonance for all of your Heroes
explaining how it works as we get later
on into the game as well you can see
that all my heroes are currently level
275 uh we're going to do a quick
breakdown of it so when we first start
playing in the game we're sort of capped
by Hero experience and then as we start
to get to like level 110 or 120 I think
it is we start to become getting capped
by Hero Essence okay now hero Essence
obviously is the hard cap until we get
to level 240 once you get to level 240
you will unlock resonance
Synergy what is resonance Synergy this
now you can upgrade one level per time
and it will affect all of your Heroes
but we do need to begin converting uh
training manuals in order to get hero
Essence so all of the experience we earn
all of the training manuals do not worry
convert all of it convert all of it
because all we're using now to level up
our heroes is hero Essence as you can
see we just converted our experience
into this and now we can level up our
resonance Synergy for everybody but
there is another little Factor here as
you see Max resonance Synergy level
increases for every Supreme plus hero
you
own so it really does pay dividends to
have more Supreme plus Heroes as you
know would make sense anyway for your
account but it increases it by five
levels each time so the soft cap is 300
um or I'd say the hard cap but we can
make that Higher by having Supreme plus
Heroes meaning we can continue to level
Our Heroes it will affect every single
hero in your roster every single level
that you increase with resonance um on
the resonance Synergy so I did say it
would be a quick video and it is a quick
video once you get to level 240
resonance Everything Changes we simply
need to convert our training manuals
into hero Essence to upgrade Our Heroes
further every single level will affect
your entire roster um and as well upon
reaching Level 240 resonance you will be
able to upgrade all of your equipment to
maximum okay so this is actually very
good you know at least it wasn't like
level 300 once everybody reached
240 we can all get the maximum equipment
I'm unsure if they will
extend the uh the level of equipment I'm
sure they will at some point no idea
when so do not quote me on that but that
is pretty much it so enjoy having every
single hero of the same level once we
reached to 240 and every single level
there after I'll see all of you in the
next video have a fantastic day even
wherever you are goodbye
[Music]
is